examples/README.md, before:

# LEGEND OF THE EXAMPLES

Make sure the examples are compiled, by running `./build.sh` in the project root folder.
Execute an example by switching into one of the example folders and running `./run.sh`.
Note that the actual example executables reside inside the `build/examples/` folder under the project's root.


## Example 1

`ex1/`: Evaluation of the variational energy for a 1-particle 1-dimension harmonic oscillator using four different trial wave functions.



## Example 2

`ex2/`: Optimize a trial wave functions for 1-particle 1-dimension harmonic oscillator using the Conjugate Gradient method, setting the potential parameter w=1 and w=2.



## Example 3

`ex3/`: as `ex2`, but using the SR optimization method instead of the conjugate gradient



## Example 4

`ex4/`: as `ex2`, but using the Simulated Annealing method



## Example 5

`ex5/`: as `ex2`, but using the Nelder-Mead Simplex algorithm.



## Example 6

`ex6/`: as `ex2`, but using the Adam algorithm.



## Example 7

`ex7/`: Simple example of MPI-VMC usage.

Commit message:

code dedup on examples, finally removed experimental PairSymmetrizer and further work on MCI adaption. Now only the object pointers need fixing.

examples/README.md, after:

# LEGEND OF THE EXAMPLES

Make sure the examples are compiled, by running `./build.sh` in the project root folder.
Execute an example by switching into one of the example folders and running `./run.sh`.
Note that the actual example executables reside inside the `build/examples/` folder under the project's root.

## Common

In the folder `common/` you will find a file named `ExampleFunctions.hpp` that contains some simple wave function
and Hamiltonian implementations that are shared between the examples.


## Example 1

`ex1/`: Evaluation of the variational energy for a 1-particle 1-dimension harmonic oscillator using four different trial wave functions.



## Example 2

`ex2/`: Optimize a trial wave functions for 1-particle 1-dimension harmonic oscillator using the Conjugate Gradient method, setting the potential parameter w=1 and w=2.



## Example 3

`ex3/`: as `ex2`, but using the SR optimization method instead of the conjugate gradient



## Example 4

`ex4/`: as `ex2`, but using the Simulated Annealing method



## Example 5

`ex5/`: as `ex2`, but using the Nelder-Mead Simplex algorithm.



## Example 6

`ex6/`: as `ex2`, but using the Adam algorithm.



## Example 7

`ex7/`: Simple example of MPI-VMC usage.
